# AIDTN
Automation of IOMETER Deployment and Treatment for Nutanix : 

This project's objective (My first one if IT is not obvious ;) is to deploy + configure + synthetize results of an IOMETER configuration for HCI testing. It rely on several studies / methodologies from NUTANIX PERFORMANCE TEAM which can be found THERE :

http://next.nutanix.com/t5/Nutanix-Connect-Blog/Configuring-Iometer-Performance-Tests-on-Nutanix-the-Right-Way/ba-p/13255
and here : 
https://www.derekseaman.com/2014/10/running-iometer-nutanix.html

Autom-action list :
- action : [tier] : status : [goal] : comment ------------

explanation of this kind of Workload Breakdown Structure : 
- action : module / function / script that should be written to automate action.
- tier : tier1 is urgent to tier3 will be done... well one day
- status : TBS (To Be Scripted) | partially means partially scripted (in term of functionnalities) | realse 
- goal : what's that for ? 
- comment : do I really need to comment this ? 

1. generate ovf : [tier = 3] : status = TBS : [goal  = not sure ye _-_-] : comment = can be useful for reuse on VM creation process.  

2. deploy ovf : [tier = 3] : status = TBS : [goal  = pretty straight forward I guess ?] : comment = should be quite simple and generic for reuse.  

3. configure ovf : [tier = 2] : status = partially : [goal  = hdd / IP configuration after ovf deployment] : comment = script HDD-IOMETER create HDD / CONTROLLER for this configuration.  

4. configure IOMETER : [tier 3] : status = TBS : [goal  = configure IOMETER w/ correct parameters] : comment = a lot of possibilities here. Should be usefull for reuse / generic ! 

5. execute script : [tier = 2] : status = TBS : [goal  = multi exec of remote IOMETER] : comment : will simplify process. Good for reuse / generic use. Necessary for scale-up !

6. collect log : [tier = 1] : status = TBS : [goal  = centralize log generated from all IOMETER] : comment : . 

7. data extraction by IOMETER : [tier = 1] : status = done : [goal  = take all CSV file generated by 1 IOmeter and consolidate in 1 XLSX] : comment = IOmeter_consolidate-v001.ps1. 

8. consolidate extraction in 1 file : [tier = 1] : status = done : [goal  = take all XLXS for each IOMETER, extract results and consolidate in 1 XLSX] : comment : iometer_xTract-v001.ps1. 

So a lot of function / automation can be usefull for reuse in other situations, including consulting style stuff. For now on, need to connect to all IOMETER via MSTSC and do a lot of manual stuff. 

And One day it will be unified, one script to rule them all ! 
